This module was formerly known as "jobtrack", but was renamed due to a possible
trademark infrigmenet: http://drupal.org/node/469210

If you are upgrading from 'jobtrack' to 'support', you need to follow these
directions.  If you are installing 'support' for the first time, then you
can ignore the contents of this file.

-----

1) Make a backup of your database.
   Play it safe!  Something may go wrong with the upgrade process, and this way
   you don't risk permantently losing important data.

2) Verify that your backup is valid.
   A backup is worthless if it doesn't work.  Test that you can restore your
   backup onto a development server.

3) Upgrade to jobtrack-6.x-1.6-rc1, the final JobTrack release.  This is a 
   mandatory step!  If you are running an older version of JobTrack and attempt
   to upgrade to the Support module things WILL break.  Be sure to run
   update.php after installing jobtrack-6.x-1.6-rc1.

   The final jobtrack release, 6.x-1.6-rc1, can be found here:
     http://drupal.org/node/468726

4) Disable the 'jobtrack' module (be sure you completed step #3 first).
   The jobtrack module is no longer necessary.

5) Enable the 'support' module.
   The support module replaces the jobtrack module.  When you enable the
   module, it will automatically your tickets from jobtrack-6.x-1.6-rc1 to the
   latest version of the support module.

6) Unfortunately some steps are missing from the automatic update process, and
   so the following queries have to be executed directly in your database:

      ALTER TABLE support_client ADD autoassign VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL \
      COMMENT 'Optionally assign new tickets to this user.' AFTER port;

      ALTER TABLE support_client ADD INDEX (autoassign);

      UPDATE system SET weight = 10 WHERE name = 'support'

   (If you are using table prefixing, you will have to manually add your table
   prefix to the above queries.  For example, if your prefix is 'drupal_' then
   the first two table names will be 'drupal_support_client', and the last will
   be 'drupal_system'.)

   Further information here: http://drupal.org/node/587884

7) Go to "Administer >> User management >> Permissions" and set permissions.
   For more information about how permissions work, review INSTALL.txt.
   The names of permissions have changed, so you can not skip this step.

   Specifically, the following permissions have been removed: "administer
   state", "can assign tickets to other users", and "view ticket status bar".
   The following permissions have been added: "can select state", "can
   administer state", "can select priority", "can select client", "can assign
   tickets to self", and "can assign tickets to any user".
